hey guys it's Larry Greenberg and today
we're going to take a look at the shark
bluetooth of boombox this product sells
for an unbelievably low price of only
$39.99
so I reviewed a bunch of Bluetooth
speakers lately most of which have been
the we'll call them ultra portable
variety ones that you could fit in your
pocket and those are great for times
when you need them but don't they don't
always pack super loud and kind of you
know awesome sound this guy does and
it's again only under 40 bucks so let me
show you what comes included in the box
I'll pull up in the top slide that out
of the way here is the speaker itself
which we will get to in one second
inside here you get two cables one is a
micro USB recharging cable the other is
an auxilary cable you get an instruction
manual quite simple and then you get a
wall adapter and that's kind of unseen
when it comes to Bluetooth speakers
normally you get only the USB cable for
recharging this gives you the wall
adapter as well which is kind of a cool
extra so here is the speaker itself as
soon as you pick it up you'll notice the
substantial weight to it it has metal
construction so it's very hefty feels
very durable most of the controls are
all across the top there is a mode
button rewind playing pause fast-forward
volume up and down and then they call
answer and end button this does have a
built-in microphone right here so you
can use this as a speakerphone rusick
the controls and whatnot are on the side
you've got the micro USB recharging port
an auxiliary port for hooking up an on
Bluetooth device headset jack and power
button so to turn it on you just press
and hold the power button makes a very
loud noise and starts at home and you
can hear that it's starting to connect
to my iPad which is off camera I do have
that right here and it's already
connected so I guess I mentioned it
makes it almost annoyingly loud sound
when it first turns on but that is what
packs all of the like I said super loud
audio with it so
go in here and play you know a song
again don't really get the true test of
audio quality from when I'm playing it
through my video but take my word for it
this thing sounds great for the price
again at 40 bucks you're getting a
portable somewhat portable speaker
there's really crisp mids and a
tremendous amount of bass for the money
so playback control again can be done
via the device itself or right on the
speaker I can play and pause I can
fast-forward to the next track forward
talks to you as you're doing that as you
can see I can also like I said control
the volume level right from here if I
should so desire making it lower or
higher you get an audio tone to let you
know that you've reached the maximum
volume level so the shark Bluetooth
boombox
I think it's a great buy if you're
looking for a Bluetooth speaker that
just packs a little bit more than what
you're finding on these ultra portable
tiny little speakers this one fits the
bill at a really affordable price so
that's been my brief look at the shark
bluetooth boombox you can learn more
about it via the link I'll have in the
video description also have a link there
to my full review of this over on
run-around techcom as always if you have
any questions about this product or
anything else feel free to drop me a
line down below otherwise have a great
day